docs: add community session implementations section (#2139)
openai/openai-agents-python: docs/sessions/index.md

)
```

## Community session implementations

The community has built session implementations for other frameworks:

| Package | Description | Install |
|---------|-------------|---------|

> | [openai-django-sessions](https://pypi.org/project/openai-django-sessions/) | Django ORM-based sessions for any Django-supported database (PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite) | `pip install openai-django-sessions` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Package | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| [openai-django-sessions](https://pypi.org/project/openai-django-sessions/) | Django ORM-based sessions for any Django-supported database (PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, and more) |
```

> If you've built a session implementation, consider opening a PR to add it here!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've built a session implementation, please feel free to submit a documentation PR to add it here!
```
